Staging files (#6635)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Assets/MixedRealityToolkit.Staging/README.md

# What is MixedRealityToolkit.Staging

> The MixedRealityToolkit.Staging folder in the Microsoft Mixed Reality Toolkit contains a collection of components that are in active development and

Reviewer: I think that this README misses the major point of this folder, which is that this is a staging/temporary one that is intended to be removed in the weeks following, and is only here to avoid a risky set of changes to packaging.

Especially interesting is to ensure that folks aren't taking a dependency on the structure of this (i.e. it will find a different home shortly)

Author: sounds good. i will elaborate a bit more.

Author: Adding:

ng changes that may have posed risk to the product.

> [!Important]
> This folder is expected to be removed from the **_next_** version of the Microsoft Mixed Reality Toolkit. Please take no dependencies on the current structure.

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to reword this and put the second part first (i.e. this is a staging folder). 

The fact that it contains useful stuff is a generally true statement (i.e. if it didn't contain useful stuff, it shouldn't exist in this repo).

Reviewer: So actually maybe then just removing the first part of it would be all it takes here.

Author: fixed.

# What is MixedRealityToolkit.Staging

> The MixedRealityToolkit.Staging folder has been created to allow the delivery of these features to customers while the MRTK team works to implement packaging changes that may have posed risk to the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MixedRealityToolkit.Staging folder has been created to allow the delivery of these features to customers while the MRTK team works to implement packaging changes that span the current and next iteration.
```
